After exiting the village and walking a few miles down the road, you arrived at the foot of a mountain. The mountain somehow seemed familiar to you, as though its very significant. But you cant wrap your head around what it was but you are sure that you need to get to the other side of the mountain if you were to continue on your exploration. You are then once again met with 3 choices, which will you choose?
1)     You see paths carved along the side of the mountain. It was nonetheless a very dangerous path to take if you are to choose to scale it. But you might find clues as to what happened to this place along the way. Would you want to take this risky path? As you slowly scale the mountain path, you made sure to stick close to the walls, each step you took felt like it was your last. At some point, you found something sticking out of the walls and just grabbed it. And after what felt like an eternity, you finally reached the other side of the mountain and is now facing a new challenge.
2)     You noticed an old man siting at the foot of the mountain. He looked wise and calm, even though no one would feel that way in such dire situations. Does he not know about what transpired at the village? With your own questions in mind, you interacted with the old hermit and was faced with a riddle and nothing else. You solved the riddle, although it was hard, but it feels as though you’ve heard such questions before. The old hermit didn’t seemed surprised though, and said: “I will grant you instant passage to the other side of the mountain, now go, find what you are truly looking for” . And with that , you were teleported to the other side of the mountain without being able to ask anything.
3)     You looked to your right, there’s a path leading to a weird icy biome, and as far as your eyes can see, it seems to lead to the other side of the mountain. But the biome looks as though its magical as it’s the only place that is snowing. You know that to get to the other side of the mountain , its either scaling the dangerous mountain pass, or take your chances braving the icy biome. Will you choose to take this path? You can feel your body freezing to the point of no return, yet your will still pushes you forward. It felt like the cold could take away your life at anytime, but it didn’t, what’s up with that? Along the way you came across something shiny on the floor and picked it up. And after a few minutes, you are finally out of the freezing torment and is now faced with a new challenege.