You arrived at an entrance of a labyrinth. It doesn’t seem to stir up any memories this time at least, which made the situation all the more alien to you somehow. Somehow the memories you had along the way was a sort of comfort to you in this place where you rarely see anyone….. or anything. With a brave heart, you proceeded into this unfamiliar environment, ready to face any challenge the labyrinth might give you.
1)     As is every labyrinth in your experience, it requires you to solve puzzles to open up a new path for you to proceed faster. You know it well and after so many years of adventuring youre sure none of the puzzles will be a problem for you, will you choose to engage in the puzzles prepared for you in this labyrinth? There were some puzzles that took longer than others but none was able to keep you from solving them and after the fifth puzzle was solved, you were presented with an item in front of you and a path leading to what seems like an ancient temple underground.
2)     You see a tomb and a statue of what seemed like a monster summoning altar. You are sure as any labyrinth you have went before had somewhat a same setup. Defeating a labyrinth boss grants you instant access to the other side of the labyrinth. Will you choose to summon the monster and try your luck with it? Or would you play it safe? After hours of dogging and slaying, you’ve finally defeated the labyrinth monster and its minions. You looted the corpse of the monster and found a tablet which corresponds to the missing piece on the wall nearby. Without further contemplation, you placed it inside and what greeted you was a sight of an ancient lost temple.
3)     The moment you entered the labyrinth, faint whispers and laughter could be heard throughout the corridors, they weren’t malicious at least, just sounded childish and playful. Every turn you took, the whispers sounded as though they changed direction, providing you with a great guide for the labyrinth. Will you choose to keep following the voices of the unknown? The voice grew louder and louder every step you took. Suddenly a pixie appeared in front of you, identifying herself as the guardian of these passage. She said that she knew what you were here for and noted that since I wasn’t harboring any malicious thoughts that’s why she helped me to navigate these corridors. Before leaving, she left me with these words: “ You look better than when I last saw you” , hope we will meet again. You were struck with curiosity but she was no where to be found again. Its not long before I realized I was standing in front of what seemed like an ancient lost temple.