With the dim light from your torch you pressed on into the bowels of what seems to be a haunted cave. The deeper you walk into the cave the clearer the image in your head becomes, it resembles an area with lots of water, glowing even when theres no light nearby. You shrugged the image off, thinking it was just hallucinations due to the intense pressure you felt when entering the haunted cave. Before long, you are met with 3 choices on your path.
1)     You notice a ghastly apparition in front of you , blocking one of the way forward in the tunnels. It doesn’t seem particularly aggressive or dangerous for something that’s not of this world but nonetheless you have your weapons and spells at the ready should the need arise. Do you want to confront the ghastly apparition? A sense of nostalgia washed over you as you slowly approached the apparition, you cant explain why but it just felt as if it can be trusted. And as such you talked to it, and without and clues the apparition said: “Im sure you are looking for THE LAKE” you were taken aback by that revelation as to how he knew what images you had earlier but still decided to affirm to it. It showed you the way to move forward to reach what you were looking for.
2)     Another opening of the tunnel seems to be free of obstruction and would prove to be a wise choice if you take that route, mitigating any trouble and conserving your energy. With exploration in mind, would you want to take this path in search of potential treasures that might aid you in your travels? Before long, you stumbled upon a huge locked chest. You bust open the lock with your sword with ease and went through the items in it. You found a piece of map that leads to an opening with what seems like a lake in the middle, with the words “what you seek lies in your memories”.
3)     You placed your hands on the wall and felt as if the wall has an opening behind it. With the risk of exposing your position to unknown forces in the caves, would you like to destroy the wall and reveal the secret passage behind it? You successfully broke the wall, somehow without alerting anything nearby but you did head some smiles behind your ears. The secret passage, once revealed, suddenly had a suction force that pulled you into a huge opening, several miles below where you stood. You rubbed off the rubbles on your body and opened your eyes to a magnificent view of what can only be described as an enchanted lake, which coincidentally seemed like the image you had in your brain earlier.