Destroyed structure as far as the eyes can see. There are structures that looked somewhat similar to what you know, but yet feels so alien at the same time, it wasn’t too long for you to realize that you are now at a place where there were once civilization. The deserted village is in such a disarray that it made you wonder, what could have done this? And why do I feel a certain anger when I see the condition of this village. Now, all alone and in an unknown place, you decided to investigate the area.
1)     You run towards the tallest destroyed building you can still find, in hopes that there are still some sign of civilization to be found. Once you entered the building, you realize it was the town hall and that there was still no one in it. You looked around and soon after, you came across a box, will you open it ? You found a letter in the box, as well as some treasures. The letter read: “follow the tall path that dangers you the most” , and with it attached a drawing of what seems like the edge of a mountain. With that you decided to follow the only trail leading out of the city.
2)     You hear a cry, a cry that was not eerie, not alien, it sounded close to home. You are sure that it’s from a human, the cries were strong with emotion, sounded like a child, although you are certain you did not detect any human lives nearby. With hearts full of question you followed the voice to an abandoned house. Inside you saw a spirit of a little child. The child is a spirit indeed, but not a malicious one. Will you choose to approach the child? You comforted the spirit and learnt that it was still lingering in the mortal realm due to unfulfilled wishes, which was for someone to learn about their fall and the fall of their peoples. You asked what had transpired here, and was told that the village was destroyed by an unseen force a few nights back. Coincidentally it was around the same time the magic surrounding this area was lifted. Now, more than ever, you are determined to find the cause of the disturbance , and so you asked the spirit: “Where should I go next” ?
3)     You ran around the village hoping to search for the archive of the village, in hopes of learning what disaster went down in this hermit village in the middle of nowhere. Before long, you come across a locked metal door, but it was too old to be locked properly and with a swift kick, the door fell down. Will you enter the “archive”. There were drawings all over the walls, which seemed as though it was drawn in a hurry. Many of them pictures humans walking along a mountain pass. But what does it all mean? Armed with the knowledge from the picture, you pressed on, following the only trail out of the village.