As you walk closer to the lake, the words “LAKE TOWA” and enchanted cant stop appearing in your memories as if trying to indicate something to you that you cant seems to get a grasp on what it WAS. You looked around the surrounding of the lake to try and find out what is it that’s so important about this lake. It was not long until you are once again faced with choices as they slowly appear before you.
1)     You see a creature breaking the water surface and stares at you, as if you have known each other for ages. It was a narwhal, but isn’t it weird to see a narwhal in a lake, was this what your memories meant by  “ENCHANTED” ? and what was the familiarity you felt when u saw it? With all these questions in mind, you walked towards the narwhal with nothing but a torch in your hand.[rewards]. The narwhal seemed delighted as you approached it, like a dog towards its owner, you have an idea as to why but refuse to give thoughts about it. You follow the narwhal until you two break the water surface and what greeted you was a sight so depressing you cant help but think, ”what happened here”?
2)      You realized there were peculiar looking glowing stones inside the lakes. Their colours brighten and pulsates faster each step you take towards the lake. You have no explanation as to why you thought it was a good idea to grab it but you are sure it was the right thing to do.[rewards]. After collecting the stones, you decided to keep swimming deeper into the vast lake, along the way , you are sure that youre being followed by a creature, a gentle creature with no harm towards you. After what felt like hours, you finally break the surface of the water? Why didn’t you felt tired? Maybe it was the stones you collected? More mysteries appears as you stand in shock as to what horrible things happened to the village that you have arrived at.
3)     You ignore all the events that occur in the lake and decided to dive into the lake as to avoid any possible conflicts or harm. There are voices telling you that the events are significant but this time, you decided to shut them out and do what you want. With a deep breath , you dive and swam , following the gentle current of this “ Enchanted lake” to wherever it brings you to.[rewards]. As you jumped into the lake, without a care to your surroundings, you suddenly hear a voice “I applaud your bravery” it was brief and seems to have no meaning behind it but one thing’s for sure is that, the next moment you opened your eyes, its as though you were teleported, to a place where the word “society” doesn’t seem to makes sense. 